docs: Clarify partitioning instructions in configuration (#613)
kairos-io/kairos-docs: docs/advanced/configuring_partitions.md

        - mount -o rw /dev/disk/by-label/PARTITION_TWO /opt/extra
```

> If not filesystem is wanted for a given partitions, the `fs` field whould be set to `none`, otherwise it will interpreted as an error and the installation will fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If no filesystem is wanted for a given partition, the `fs` field should be set to `none`, otherwise it will interpreted as an error and the installation will fail.
```

So when set to anything other than `none`, it's considered an error and installation fails? This sentence is confusing to me.

Author: This is actually wrong, it defaults to ext2 if no fs is set. Dammit
